# 10-06-20 Meeting

## Meeting minutes

Team Name: Moot Floating Point

Members present: Jon Griesen, Natalie Boardway, Nate Stern

Date: 10/6/20

Time: 08:00 PM

Discussion points: 

* Added functional-model folder and we finished pushing each of our artifacts into our repo
   - No questions about any of the diagrams or use case descriptions anyone worked on -- everything looks good!
* Came up with our game name:   PacMeme
* Planning on doing group implementation time to at least get the coding part of the project started
* Added a browser based pacman into our discord chat for the team to play around with and come up with ideas about, as well as java example of basic pacman clone

Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

* Start thinking about class diagrams in advance of our next class
   - What classes should we have?

