# 11/03/20 Meeting

## Meeting minutes

Team Name: Moot Floating Point

Members present: Jon Griesen, Natalie Boardway, Nate Stern, Nick Reitz

Date: 11/03/20

Time: 08:00PM

Discussion points:

* Game is coming along really well
   - Overall framework 
   - Sprites
   - Movement
   - Game demo - Nick
* Things to start working on
   - Map design
   - Collision detection
* Meeting for group coding session on Saturday
   - 11am time works for everyone
* Discussion on need for different consumables classes
   - May not be needed since there isn't a huge difference in implementation
   - Does ghost need to be both a consumable and an actor?
       - Keep it in the actor abstract superclass
   - Fruit may be easier to implement if they don't move or spawn on a timer
* Sprites can be worked on prior to Saturday's meeting
   - Jon is going to try to do some more as time allows
   - Which sprite do we want to use for the player character

Goals for next week (include responsibilities):

* Get ready for coding session on Saturday
* Brainstorm sprite ideas and game board layout
